Problem

What do we do with abandon superblocks?

1) Dump abandon superblocks to abandon list. 

Do we allow reuse of memory of abandon superblocks?

1)  Our current approach is for an entire superblock to be adopted by one 
    one superblock. This means all the slab in that superblock is owned
    by that superblock. This current approach some how causes race condition.
    This also causes hoarding of slabs by one superblock, even if the 
    superblock isn't busy it hoards the slabs from other superblocks that 
    really need it.

2)  A better approach would be allow superblocks to retreive empty or partial
    slabs from the addopted slab as needed. 

        2.1) How do we coordinate multiple threads efficiently?
            
            a)  We could dump all useable slabs from the superblock to central
                cache when we die. Then any superblock that needs a slab can 
                get one from the central cache. Lastly, when freeing memory from
                an abandon superblock we take the opportunity to transfer the slab 
                to the central cache. This doesn't suffer with a lot of coordination
                issue.

Problem

How do we keep the flow of slabs from full to partial to global list?

1)  Our current approach is to do it lazily. If owning superblock is freeing
    an object we move to the slab to the appropriate list. Remote threads just
    note that the slab should be transferred and leave it up to the owning 
    thread. This approach is efficient and leaves the most work the last 
    minute.

Problem

How do we keep stats as accurate as possible?

1)  Our current approach is no approach we feel the current approach
    is wildy inaccurate.

What stats are important to us to track?

1)  Important stats to us are the number of malloc calls, number of free calls,
    number of remote calls, number of local calls, number of bytes fragmented,
    number of bytes inuse, number of bytes total allocated, and number of bytes 
    reserved.

    1.1)    Whats the difference between number of bytes allocated versus 
            number of bytes reserved. Number of bytes reserved is number 
            of bytes requested from the OS. Once we start using a slab 
            the number of bytes allocated increases. The number of 
            bytes track how much of slab is being used currently. 



What's a strategy to keep the stats accurate?

1)  One of our main problem is keeping stats accurate when reusing slabs from
    the recycle bin. How do we keep it accurate without double counting?
    Well, the most important stats to us are number of malloc calls, 
    number of free calls, number of remote calls, and number of local calls.
    We propose to flush the local stats structure to the global stats 
    ever so often (we can also have forced flush). When a thread is dying 
    we flush the important stats listed above. This constant flushing 
    keeps stats tracking accurate since we aren't tracking too many stats 
    over a long period. The other stats are tracked locally, if we need a 
    global summary we will need to aggregate all the stats.

    During recycling we dump the other thread local stats like number of 
    bytes allocated, number of bytes reserved, and number of bytes in use
    to a central stats structure which has atomic fields. This stat structure
    isn't updated unless a thread dies or a slab gets reused or return the memory
    to the OS. Slabs in the recycle bin are only being deallocated from. We're
    accepting that we'll be inaccurate for a while.




How to bootstrap start up?

1)  Our current issue is that in some instances we fail to set up the god
    structure properly. Sometimes it is possible for us to allocate memory
    before the god superblock is actually initialized. This causes a 
    segmentation error. One strategy is to have a bootstrap/init flag 
    in the god struct and also a variable that stores the id of the 
    current thread that is initializing the god structure. Whenever 
    we are initializing the god structure if we end up calling initialization
    function again we check the current thread id doing the setup. If that 
    id matches our id we skip the lock and allocate the memory. 





    




            
